Update cookbook to match what Commvault did upstream (#8)
SBP-Cookbooks/commvault: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## 1.0.0

> - replace File.open with File.write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `File.open` with `File.write`
```

Author: Done

> - Commvault has changed the way it handles `restore only` installations and we therefor need to register the fs agent post instllation now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commvault has changed the way it handles `restore only` installations, we now need to register the file system agent post installation
```

Author: Done
